Mention reading activities in the docs (#52)
dodona-edu/dodona-edu.github.io: references/exercise-config/en.md

- `labels` (array of strings, optional): a list of labels that can be used to search for this exercise using the Dodona web interface.
- `contact` (string, optional): info about the author of this exercise, formatted like an email To header.

## Config file structure for reading activities

The structure for a reading activity is identical to that of an exercise. There are 2 big differences: the value of `type` must be set to `content` and keys that are not relevant for exercises can be omitted. The format of the description is also identical.

- `type`: Must be set to `content` for reading activities
- `access` (`public` or `private`): determines who can use this exercise
  - public: any other teacher on Dodona can use this exercise
  - private: only teachers with explicit permission can use this exercise
- `description` (object): the specification of the description of the exercise
  - `names` (object): the name of the exercise
    - `nl`: the name of the exercise in Dutch
    - `en`: the name of the exercise in English
- `labels` (array of strings, optional): a list of labels that can be used to search for this exercise using the Dodona web interface.

> - `contact` (string, optional): info about the author of this exercise, formatted like an email To header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `contact` (string, optional): info about the author of this reading activity, formatted like an email To header.
```
